Add analytics insights (#30763)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/analytics_insights.markdown

---
title: Home Assistant Analytics Insights
description: Instructions on how to integrate Home Assistant Analytics Insights within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_release: '2024.2'
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@joostlek'
ha_domain: analytics_insights
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: service
---

> The **Analytics Insights** {% term integration %} allows you to get integration usage statistics into Home Assistant.

Reviewer: I would add a link to https://analytics.home-assistant.io/ where the data comes from

---
title: Home Assistant Analytics Insights
description: Instructions on how to integrate Home Assistant Analytics Insights within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_release: '2024.2'
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@joostlek'
ha_domain: analytics_insights
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: service
---

The **Analytics Insights** {% term integration %} allows you to get integration usage statistics into Home Assistant.

> The data is coming from [Home Assistant Analytics](https://analytics.home-assistant.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data comes from [Home Assistant Analytics](https://analytics.home-assistant.io/).
```

> Only integrations with more than 0 active installations will be displayed. This means it will take some time until new integrations are showing in the integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only integrations with one or more active installations will be displayed. This means it will take some time before newly released integrations are visible.
```
